README.md, before:

# Korgi

Korgi is a tool that converts input from a MIDI device into UDP packets. 

## Compatibility

Korgi is designed for and tested with KORG nanoKONTROL2 - hence the name. 

The UDP packets generated by korgi are compatible with [Q2PRO](https://github.com/skullernet/q2pro) remote console protocol, but can be easily extended to support something else.

## Configuration

Korgi reads its configuration from a plain text file, by default `korgi.conf` in the current directory. An alternative file name can be specified as the only supported parameter on the command line.

The configuration file is expected to contain a single directive per line. Empty lines are ignored, comments start with the # symbol. In most cases, double quoted strings are allowed.

Available directives:

`connect <address> [port]`: specifies the IP address and UDP port to send the packets to. Default settings are 127.0.0.1 and 27910.

`password <password>`: specifies the remote console password for Q2PRO. Required.

`device <id>`: specifies the MIDI device ID to use, starting at 0 (on Windows).

`device_name <name>`: specifies the MIDI device name (on Linux).

`device_map <name>`: specifies the mapping from control names to MIDI channels. Currently, only one mapping is supported, for the `nanoKONTROL2` device. Without a mapping, you can specify controls by their channel index.

`button <id> <command...>`: maps a button to the specified console command, which is issued when the button is pressed. There is no action on button release. The console command is specified without quotes; spaces are allowed.

`knob|slider <id> <variable> <min> <max>`: maps a knob or slider to the specified variable name and range. There is no difference between a "knob" and a "slider" on the MIDI side, the different names are provided for convenience.

Commit message:

updated readme to reflect orca changes

README.md, after:

# Korgi for Orca

Korgi for Orca is a tool that converts CC messages from a MIDI controller and sends them to the Orca MIDI sequencer as UDP commands. This allows you to "bind" MIDI knobs or sliders to Orca coordinates, operate on the values with Orca operators and change the values in real time with your knobs or sliders.

## Compatibility

Korgi for Orca should work with any MIDI device that sends CC messages and any MIDI interface that works with ALSA. Currently only tested on Linux. 

## Building

`cmake .`
`cmake --build .`

## Configuration

Korgi reads its configuration from a plain text file, by default `korgi.conf` in the current directory. An alternative file name can be specified as the only supported parameter on the command line.

The configuration file is expected to contain a single directive per line. Empty lines are ignored, comments start with the # symbol. In most cases, double quoted strings are allowed.

Available directives:

`connect <address> [port]`: specifies the IP address and UDP port to send the packets to. If no connect directive is supplied korgi will connect to 127.0.0.1:49160, which is the Orca default.

`device <id>`: specifies the MIDI device ID to use, starting at 0 (on Windows). Note: Windows support is currently untested

`device_name <name>`: specifies the MIDI device name (on Linux). Note: run "amidi -l" to get device names. Do not include "MIDI 1" if your device ends with this. 

`device_map <name>`: specifies the mapping from control names to MIDI channels. Currently, only one mapping is supported, for the `nanoKONTROL2` device. Without a mapping, you can specify controls by their channel index.

`knob|slider <CC> <max> <min> <x> <y>`: maps a knob or slider to the specified X Y coords in Orca value will be scaled to min and max. There is no difference between a "knob" and a "slider" on the MIDI side, the different names are provided for convenience. If you don't supply X and Y knob values will be arranged in the top left corner in a column, 4 from the left to give room for X operators to move the values where you need them. If max and min are not supplied values 35 and 0 will be used.
